a modest turnout but the message is
clear the rally is being held less than
100 meters from the US Embassy in quala
lumo the venue was chosen to make a
point to Israel's largest supporter I'm
actually joining the Malaysian people to
call for ceasefire in Gaza and to
highlight that we are not accepting the
massacre against the Palestinian people
in Gaza dozens of Aid groups have banded
together to arrange this event but the
main organizer is the Malaysian arm of
the boycott divestment and sanctions or
BDS movement it's part of a global
boycott movement that's called for a day
of action around the
world we've heard Community leaders and
NGO Representatives talk about the
history of the occupation as well as the
importance of supporting the boycott
against Israeli companies and
corporations that support Israel in one
way or other last month the Malaysian
government announced it would ban
vessels owned by Israeli shipping
companies from docking ships on their
way to Israel were also barred from
loading cargo at Malaysian ports BDS
Malaysia says that was a result of its
campaign the most important actually we
have been I think successful in
highlighting the issues of Palestine the
history of the conflict and also uh
what's happening in Palestine the
Palestinian lead movement which has
chapters in many countries has also
released a list of Corporations to
boycott among them
McDonald's the Malaysian franchise
holder is suing BDS Malaysia for
defamation BDS Malaysia says the lawsuit
will not stop it from showing solidarity
with
Palestinians protesters here have taken
that message to
heart we are boycotting because that is
the only thing we can do as an
individual among the things that I have
boycotted are the companies that support
Israel the companies listed on the BD's
website the global boycott movement says
targeted boycotts are inspired by South
Africa's anti-ap parite movement and the
US fight for civil rights among others
which have proven to be successful in
ending Injustice Florence Louie Al jazer
qualum